Good evening. Tonight is a celebration of sports celebrating our accomplishments and our victories. But in this moment of celebration we asked to start the show tonight this way — the four of us talking to our fellow athletes with the country watching. Because we cannot ignore the realities of the current state of America. The events of the past week have put a spotlight on the injustice distrust and anger that plague so many of us.

The system is broken. The problems are not new. The violence is not new. And the racial divide definitely is not new. But the urgency to create change is at an all-time high.
We stand here tonight accepting our role in uniting communities to be the change we need to see. We stand before you as fathers sons husbands brothers uncles — and in my case as an African-American man and the nephew of a police officer who is one of the hundreds of thousands of great officers serving this country.

But Trayvon Martin. Michael Brown. Tamir Rice. Eric Garner. Laquan McDonald. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. This is also our reality.

Generations ago legends like Jesse Owens Jackie Robinson Muhammad Ali John Carlos and Tommie Smith Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Jim Brown Billie Jean King Arthur Ashe and countless others they set a model for what athletes should stand for. So we choose to follow in their footsteps.

The racial profiling has to stop. The shoot-to-kill mentality has to stop. Not seeing the value of black and brown bodies has to stop. But also the retaliation has to stop. The endless gun violence in places like Chicago Dallas not to mention Orlando it has to stop. Enough. Enough is enough.

Now as athletes it’s on us to challenge each other to do even more than we already do in our own communities. And the conversation it cannot stop as our schedules get busy again. It won’t always be convenient. It won’t. It won’t always be comfortable but it is necessary.

We all feel helpless and frustrated by the violence. We do. But that’s not acceptable. It’s time to look in the mirror and ask ourselves what are we doing to create change. It’s not about being a role model. It’s not about our responsibility to the tradition of activism.

I know tonight we’re honoring Muhammad Ali. The GOAT. But to do his legacy any justice let’s use this moment as a call to action for all professional athletes to educate ourselves. It’s for these issues. Speak up. Use our influence. And renounce all violence.

And most importantly go back to our communities invest our time our resources help rebuild them help strengthen them help change them.

We all have to do better. Thank you.