Thank you very much. Thank you thank you. You know at this moment I'm filled with such gratitude. Thanks to Mrs. Obama for her warm words and to LeBron for graciously adding to this immense honour. My mama was from Akron Ohio and she loved her some King James and she's smiling down on us right now. So thank you thank you very much.

It's a moment I couldn't even begin to dream of when I began my career you heard me I just wanted to be the best sports journalist that I could be. I wanted to be a pro athlete that's what I really wanted to be. I wanted to be a pro athlete but there's something called ... wait a minute what is that again? Oh yes ability that you must have. So I am in awe of your vast accomplishments and to be in your company tonight and in the company of some old dear friends at ESPN.

I realise there are many worthy of holding this honour. Others who have exhibited far more courage strength and resilience and it's humbling for me to represent you tonight. I draw strength from you. You give me the courage to face down any challenge to know that when fear knocks to let faith answer the door.

Those of us who are fortunate to have overcome some form of illness or adversity are often told that we are strong. I didn't find that strength on my own it's a quality that grew with every kind word of support every prayer every tweet every email every phone call. I gained strength from the doctors and nurses who checked on me long after their shift was over. From those I knew and others I may never know who took time out of their busy lives to reach out and let me know they were thinking of me they were praying for me every step of my journey.

Through it all I learned that strength true strength isn't when you face down life's challenges on your own it's when you take them on by accepting the help faith and love of others and knowing you are lucky to have those. Arthur Ashe was a dear dear friend of mine as you heard. He taught me the importance of using the platform we were blessed to be given to be of service to others and he showed me he showed all us that through his selfless actions off the court.

You heard me Mama used to say "Make your mess your message." Find the meaning behind whatever it is you're going through because everybody's got something. And I am grateful to Bob Iger and Anne Sweeney for their compassion and support in helping me through my something for helping me deliver my message of hope and to be a symbol of "This too shall pass."

My family and dear friends man their unconditional love brings me to tears. They make me believe that this isn't my fight but rather our fight. My big sister Sally-Ann my donor. I wouldn't be standing here heck I wouldn't be standing anywhere if it were not for you and I thank you for that. It's very easy to spot sister Sally she's always the one like "Yes Jesus yes yes lord yes yes." That's sister Sally sister Sally will set you free.

Lastly I remember when Jim Valvano was the first recipient of the Arthur Ashe Courage award and I was standing backstage. I was backstage the next presenter on after Jimmy V when he accepted the honour with an inspiring speech that touched us all and still does. That night in establishing the V Foundation for Cancer Research Jim said "We need your help I need your help. We need money for research. It may not save my life it may save my children's it may save someone you love."

And I've been blessed to achieve things in life I could never have imagined as that little girl growing up in Mississippi. But most of all I never imagined that I'd be able to be standing here 20 years after Jimmy V's speech and say that because of everyone who has responded to his challenge because of all the donations research and support mine is one of the lives that's been saved.

And now I ask you to save someone else give strength to someone else join if you can the bone marrow registry donate to make more research possible take part in clinical trials as I have and my sister has. And thanks to my dream charm of doctors and nurses I now have I literally have my sister's DNA. But all of you here tonight and you there at home and especially my wonderful caring ESPN and ABC GMA family yes I have my sister's DNA but you will always have my heart. And I thank you ...